the local toronto brain beat has
involved high schools in the Toronto
area then this year i believe are up to
about 15 schools our message today was
twofold one is to increase awareness in
all students about the importance of
brain health second part of our mission
is to nurture and inspire future
neuroscientists this adventure is
basically we all reach program to
recreate a high school student to be
aware of the neurological disease and
hopefully gain some fundamental
knowledge e for their future career
development some of them going to
medical school and we hope will also
then continue on to specialize in the
neurological diseases and neurosurgeons
neurologists psychiatrists I want to
become a neurosurgeon I wasn't going to
a neuroscience killed so I thought that
this would be a good opportunity to
showcase my talent or learn about your
science the cerebellum is crucial for
motor learning true or false
oh it's pretty tense because a lot of
people have studied all year so it's
pretty competitive but it's also
friendly because we all know it's a
friendly competition we have three
rounds the first round is 30 questions
the top 50% then move on to the second
round in the second round we have 20
questions and then the top three
students go on to a final round where
there's ten questions and then cracked
answer is the amygdala I guess people
are all the canvas but they're also
pretty excited and I think people are
pretty nice to each other so here is
this under standard stuff instead of
just memorizing and just study and work
hard the level of knowledge of these
high school students is really really
impressive
hi survivor experience like talking with
people who are actually like doing on
research that's being done like right
now yes I would recommend it to any high
school students it was a cool event I
enjoy it a lot I encourage other people
to participate for next year it's a good
experience